another skater fueled by the crowd here
in Boston representing the skating club
of Boston lekton your own Christina cow
opening with a triple toe shuffle toe
combination that was gorgeous
Oh
320 a triple loop really puts with her
speed in this program she's really
covering the ice beautifully
bit of a bubble loss of concentration
there let's step sequence
you
Oh
Christina Gao in front of their home
crowd here in Boston
not to speed for the triple toe triple
toe combination beautiful air position
legs are nice and tight plenty of speed
on the first one to have you back plenty
of height on the second one
univ our humming right into her spit
well then cam our desk Brad going down
in that tub position hop into a reverse
truck
it's a shame she had a couple trypsin in
the footwork sequence because rest of
the program was well done well occurred
score to beat 65.4 for put a x mirai
nagasu
the factor short program score for
Christina gallon 61 what she is
currently in third a 60-point and 91 a
short program of christina galas new
personal best in us qualifying
competition for her and currently has
her in third place through 14 skaters